README.md, before:

# PHPStormSettings
Code styles, colors, inspections for PhpStorm. ☕

## Featuring
#### Supported languages

- Git / Diff / Merge
- Markdown
- HTML / XML
- CSS / SASS / SCSS
- Javascript / ES6+
- JSX / React
- PHP
- Twig
- Blade
- Yaml
- Ini

#### Enforced standards

- Javascript:
[Javascript standard style 🗗](https://standardjs.com/) + [Prettier 🗗](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
- PHP:
[PSR 🗗](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/) +
[Symfony 🗗](https://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/code/standards.html) +
space around concatenation operator.
- CSS / SASS / SCSS:
[Sass-lint standard 🗗](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sass-lint) or [Prettier 🗗](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

#### Custom hotkeys

- Save all: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>
- Save all + format current file (also prettier): <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>
- Replace in path <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>H</kbd>

## Examples

### VCS / Diff / Merge example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_diff.png" />

### Markdown example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_markdown.png" />

### Javascript / HTML / React example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_react.png" />

### Twig example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_twig.png" />

### PHP example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_php.png" />

## Getting started

#### Full Install

- Backup your config folder (if any).
- Clone this repo to __be your new config__ folder;
```bash
git clone git@github.com:webbertakken/PHPStormSettings.git /path/to/config
```
- **(Optional)** Copy your backup over the config repo and revert the
resulting difference _(should be only a few files)_.

Extra step for Material UI: (Might not actually be needed again, needs to be tested)
- Go to `Settings` > `Plugins` > Install `Material Theme UI` plugin
- Under `Appearance & Behaviour`, configure `Material Custom Theme` and select `Material Darker` as preset, then apply.
- Finally, in `Settings` > `Editor` > `Color Scheme` select `Webber` or your other desired dark compatible color scheme.

#### Updating config

- Simply run `git pull` from within your config folder.

#### Updating PhpStorm

- Nothing
_(PhpStorm will copy the whole config folder; including your .git folder)_.

## Other use cases

#### Color scheme only

- Copy `colors/Webber.icls` from this repo to your own color folder.
- Go to Settings > Editor > Color scheme and select "Webber".

#### Code styles only

- Copy `codestyles/Webber.xml` from this repo to your own folder.
- Go to Settings > Editor > Code style > Scheme and select "Webber".

## Contributing
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## License
[MIT](./LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Update README.md after update to Intellij 2019.2 update

README.md, after:

# PHPStormSettings
Code styles, colors, inspections for PhpStorm. ☕

## Featuring
#### Supported languages

- Git / Diff / Merge
- Dockerfile / docker-compose
- DotEnv-files (.env)
- Markdown
- HTML / XML
- CSS / SASS / SCSS
- Javascript / ES6+
- JSX / React
- PHP
- Twig / Blade / Smarty
- Yaml
- Ini

#### Enforced standards

- Javascript:
[Javascript standard style 🗗](https://standardjs.com/) + [Prettier 🗗](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) or
[AirBnB 🗗](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) + [Prettier 🗗](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
- PHP:
[PSR 🗗](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/) + 
[Laravel 🗗](https://laravel.com/docs/master/contributions#coding-style) +
[Symfony 🗗](https://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/code/standards.html) +
space around concatenation operator.
- CSS / SASS / SCSS: 
[Sass-lint 🗗](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sass-lint) + [Prettier 🗗](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) or
[Stylelint 🗗](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint) + [Prettier 🗗](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

#### Custom hotkeys

- Save all: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>
- Save all + format current file (also prettier): <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>
- Replace in path <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>H</kbd>

## Examples

The theme has changed since these screenshots to be more consistent with dark theme.

Todo: update these example images.

### VCS / Diff / Merge example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_diff.png" />

### Markdown example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_markdown.png" />

### Javascript / HTML / React example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_react.png" />

### Twig example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_twig.png" />

### PHP example

<img src="./docs/images/styles_php.png" />

## Getting started

#### Full Install

- Backup your config folder (if any).
- Clone this repo to __be your new config__ folder;
```bash
git clone git@github.com:webbertakken/PHPStormSettings.git /path/to/config
```
- **(Optional)** Copy your backup over the config repo and revert the
resulting difference _(should be only a few files)_.

Extra step for Material UI: (Might not actually be needed again, needs to be tested)
- Go to `Settings` > `Plugins` > Install `Material Theme UI` plugin
- Under `Appearance & Behaviour`, configure `Material Custom Theme` and select `Material Darker` as preset, then apply.
- Finally, in `Settings` > `Editor` > `Color Scheme` select `Webber` or your other desired dark compatible color scheme.

#### Updating config

- Simply run `git pull` from within your config folder.

#### Updating PhpStorm

- Nothing
_(PhpStorm will copy the whole config folder; including your .git folder and even update the project reference)_.

## Other use cases

#### Color scheme only

- Copy `colors/Webber.icls` from this repo to your own color folder.
- Go to Settings > Editor > Color scheme and select "Webber".

#### Code styles only

- Copy `codestyles/Webber.xml` from this repo to your own folder.
- Go to Settings > Editor > Code style > Scheme and select "Webber".

## Contributing
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## License
[MIT](./LICENSE) license.
