# PHPStormSettings
My personal settings; code style and inspections, theme and preferences for JetBrains' PHPStorm (IntelliJ Platform).

## Featuring
### Editor Styles
Comes with Editor Styles option "Webber", based on One Dark from Atom, optimized for:
* VCS diff viewer
* Javascript/ES6
* PHP 7.1

### Standards
* Strict PHP Standards Recommendations

### Miscellaneous
* Code/File Templates
* Dutch dictionary

## Compatibility
This repository is generated by the configuration files from PHPStorm, but should be compatible with other **IDEs from JetBrains**
including IntelliJ IDEA, PhpStorm, WebStorm, PyCharm, RubyMine, AppCode, CLion, Gogland, Rider and Android Studio.

However please note this is **not compatible** with the "SettingsRepository"-Plugin that is by default enabled in at least some of them.
Since the plugin caused a lot of trouble for many, this particular repository does things a little bit more old skool.

Also i've **only** taken Microsoft operating systems into account. If you're modifying some things to make it work 
on a different OS in a generic way, please submit a PR.

## Installation
The initial installation goes as follows:
1. Close PHPStorm.
2. Rename `%userprofile%/PHPStormXXXX.XX/config` adding `.bak` to the end.
3. Clone this Repo into `config` folder.
4. Start PHPStorm.
5. If being asked to complete the installation, choose `do not import settings`
6. PHPStorm Initial Configuration, skip for these settings:
    - Keymap scheme: `Visual Studio`
    - IDE theme: `Darcula`
    - Editor colors and fonts: `One Dark Webber`
7. Enjoy!

To keep your existing settings, after step 6:
1. Close PHPStorm
2. Paste everything in your `%userprofile%/PHPStormXXXX.XX/config.bak` folder over `config` folder
3. Open the config folder as a project in PHPStorm
4. Revert everything in the local changes view of the "Version Control" tool window
5. You have now merged your settings!

## Updating Settings
To update your settings from this repo:
1. Open the `config` project.
2. type `git pull`
3. Done!

## Updating PHPStorm
To update your PHPStorm:
1. Click update in PHPStorm (your settings folder will be (partially) copied and should work out of the box)

## Usage
* Sync any settings by committing changes to your fork and loading 
them on a different machine like explained in the install section.
* To lock a file for further changes, use `git update-index --assume-unchanged path/to/file` 
* To unlock and accept changes again, use `git update-index --no-assume-unchanged path/to/file` 

## Contributing
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History
I have been using PHPStorm at work as well as at home or on a 
substitute machine when one was broken. At first it was not too much effort to simply set some things up on another machine, 
but as settings get more fine-tuned it can become increasingly annoying to do so. A repository with settings was born.

## Credits
[JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) for having such a nice settings system, where only non-default settings are being saved in most cases

## License
This particular set of settings is subject to the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
